I don't have it.
Master said that I still have lingering feelings in the mortal world
So he only taught me ordinary martial arts
No practice, no ties
The so-called ordinary martial arts
Not ordinary in the world
After all, you are the dragon girl who founded the Dragon God Pavilion
Fortunately, Master has had you
Yin Xinge has not yet been born
Why are you here?
You need wu
Mr. Wu will come
Oops, the elf is still in the muscle ruthless master
We were too careless.
Will Muscle Ruthless make a comeback?
It's okay, he took it away
Just take it back.
Master, I have fought with him many times
This guy is cunning
Every time he runs away, it's hard to find him again
I have a way to find him
How?
A few ruthlessly absorbed elves and turned into black dragons
At this time, only the combination of the three swords and magic weapons can suppress it
Where the magic weapon is located
There must be a trace of him
That would be fine.
My three brothers and I set off immediately
Looking for the Three Realms Magic Artifact
At that time, the gold hoop can be integrated into the temple
Master, then I will leave first
miscalculation
For miscalculation
You go for revenge
There will be many variables and challenges
Do you want to solve the oil problem?
I'll go for you.
Master, you have helped me a lot
But no matter what the road ahead
Father's revenge
You have to do it yourself.